Come and have breakfast!
What about the little boss and the little second?
They went to school
What are you doing?
Ah, thanks.
You may rest assured.
I won't touch you until I get the certificate
If you feel uncomfortable
I could live on a pig farm. No.
How do you know him when you live on a pig farm?
The house is so big
It's safer to have a man at home
Then I'll be back early when I'm done.
Which Yaoyao?
Xiao Zhou wife
Aunt Zhang came to Yaoyao
Play with your brother
How can this work? Such precious candy.
No matter how precious it is, it is also for children to eat
I'm new here.
Please take care of my aunt
Not much, thank you Miss Auntie
Thank you auntie
The Liu family hasn't come to cook for the child yet
No, this blue guy took Xiao Zhou's money
And starving these kids like this
Now you're new here.
It's tripping you up and driving you away
To make room for his lazy daughter
No wonder Aunt Liu doesn't like me
He was treating me like an eyesore
Thanks for the reminder
What is this?
It is to ask you not only to take care of 3 children
You have to deliver meals to the niche
Brother Zhang, my mother asked me to cook for you, thank you.
It seems that I came at a bad time